[THEME MUSIC]
>>So I want to
talk about the God
Particle for a moment
in relationship
to this cosmic sap and all
that we've been discussing.
Y'all have probably heard
that in Geneva, Switzerland,
we have a little machine called
a particle accelerator there.
It's a 17-mile around ring, an
accelerator where scientists
are hoping to start smashing
protons together and learn
the secrets of the universe.
They also believe they'll be
able to create baby black holes
and recreate the conditions
that existed just
after the Big Bang.
When we talk about rings
of cosmic sovereignty,
that's where I think we're
building there in Geneva.
And we're a long way
from these guys here.
I mean, ours are
17 miles around.
These guys had one that fit
in the palm of your hand.
So we've got a long way to
go towards miniaturizing
these particle accelerators.
But I think that's
what we're talking
about when we're talking about
the ring of cosmic sovereignty.
And I mentioned
earlier that Jesus
had one of these rings
of cosmic sovereignty.
He also had a magic wand.
There are two types of
particle accelerators
that we build today, the
linear accelerators like you
have in Batavia,
Illinois at Fermilab,
I visited there
as well, and then
you have the ring-type
accelerator as you
have at Geneva.
So we have the rod and
the ring in Jesus' hand,
and I wonder if he's in fact
using some kind of a particle
accelerator here.
This is the ring at
CERN, 17 miles around.
It encompasses part of Geneva.
It goes on into France as well.
It's all underground.
I toured their last
summer, the summer of 2007.
And I went there
because I wanted
to explore the signs and
symbols of the place.
Very interested in
this high energy
physics work that they're doing.
But I wanted to see, what kind
of artwork did they have there?
What kind of symbolism
did they choose here?
And what does that tell us
about what is going on there?
One of the key pieces
of religious art,
perhaps the only piece
of religious art there,
is this beautiful statue of
Shiva stamping out ignorance.
Shiva, of course, is the
Lord of the Ring shown
within the ring of
cosmic sovereignty,
and it aligns it with
this idea that what
we're really trying to do at
CERN is to become ring lords.
If we're successful in detecting
the God particle at CERN,
it will enable us to graduate
from cosmic kindergarten, where
we're at right now
metaphorically speaking,
to first grade.
We will become full-blown
cosmic citizens.
So what happens is is you
go 300 feet underground.
You take the elevator down.
And this is the hallway leading
into what they called the ATLAS
Detector, which is the
actual machine that's
being used to detect what
they call the God Particle.
The ATLAS Detector is
an enormous machine.
In fact, they call the
pit that this thing
sits in a cathedral of science.
So they do use some interesting
religious terminology when
describing the search here.
This is a man standing in
front of the ATLAS Detector.
You can see that it's
just absolutely enormous,
many stories high.
One of the most sophisticated
and expensive pieces
of machinery ever
built by humankind.
This is me standing
beside the ATLAS Detector.
You can't even get the whole
thing into a photograph
when you're standing there.
And it was a real privilege
be able to go in there.
Look at the symbolism they
chose for the ATLAS Detector.
They went back to
the ancient world,
and they pulled Atlas out of
the hat-- Atlas, who lifted
the world on his shoulders.
But it's actually not
the world that Atlas
has on his shoulders.
When you look closely,
it's actually a zodiac.
A zodiac is a gate of stars.
So maybe what they're
trying to hint at here
is that Atlas is not only
going to be detecting the God
Particle and help us to lift
our world, or the Word, the life
force energy, on our
shoulders, but maybe it
has some kind of stargate
significance as well.
So I've been working
on this kind of angle
on this for several years.
And I'm going to
share with you today
some interesting comments by
one of the scientists working
at CERN that supports
my contention here.
The Large Hadron
Collider, as I said,
is designed to create
baby black holes,
creating a scenario
that's intended
to replicate the
conditions present one
billionth of a second after
the so-called Big Bang
that formed the universe.
I talked about this
in my presentation
Revelation 2012, so I'll
just briefly explain
why I was so excited when
I came down that elevator,
the doors open, and were
greeted by this sign.
"Recreating the conditions
just after the Big Bang,"
that is the purpose of the
Large Hadron Collider at CERN.
It's to recreate
these conditions,
and therefore detect
the God Particle,
this elusive subatomic
particle that
will explain why
all matter has mass,
and ultimately complete our
physics kit-- taking us out
of, again, cosmic
kindergarten wondering what's
up into first grade,
cosmically speaking,
where we have the ring of
cosmic sovereignty in our hand.
Why was that so important to me?
Well, for a long time,
I had been researching
the messianic prophecies and
the Jewish legends of the herald
or forerunner of the Messiah.
This figure has a to-do list,
according to Jewish legend--
get the Ark of the
Covenant, get the manna,
get the anointing oil.
We've talked about
several of these things.
And also, recreate the
conditions-- well, excuse me.
Here's the exact quote.
"The Messiah will have
Elijah blow the trumpet,
and at the first
sound, the primal light
which shown before the week
of creation will reappear.
And at the second sound,
the dead will rise,
and with this swiftness of wind,
assemble around the Messiah
from all corners of the Earth.
And at the third
sound, the Shekhinah
will become visible to all."
The primal light which
shown before the first week
of creation, recreating
the conditions just
after the Big Bang.
Sounds to me like
they're talking
about the exact
same moment in time.
This herald or
forerunner is charged
with revealing the light which
shown before the first week
of creation.
At CERN, they're recreating
the conditions just
after the Big Bang, a
billionth of a second
after the Big Bang,
which to me sounds
like that's just before
the first week of creation.
I'm thinking we've got
a perfect match here,
that what our collective
conscious is doing right now
is checking off another of the
items on the to-do list here.
And what happens
after that, this
is when the dead will rise.
We are the dead,
as I said earlier.
If we're successful in
detecting the God Particle,
we will go from cosmic
kindergarten to first grade.
But another way of
describing that is we
will go from dead to
alive, cosmically speaking.
And everything else starts
to open up from there.
Remember Jesus said, I am the
light that is over all things.
I am from all.
From me, all came forth,
and to me, all attained.
Lift the stone.
Split the wood.
There I am.
And that's what science
is doing at CERN.
They're preparing
to split the wood
by slamming these
protons together
in hopes of
discovering or seeing
this elusive subatomic particle
they call the God Particle.
Something that
intrigued me about this
is compare the symbolism of the
Large Hadron Collider, which
is an eight-spoked wheel,
with the Maya symbol
of the galactic center, which
is also an eight-spoked wheel.
Hm.
That's kind of fascinating--
a little bit of "as above,
so below" action going on there.
This is the way CERN portrays
the collision of these protons.
Looks like someone had
a bad hangover to me.
But the ideas is expressed, once
again, that what we're doing
is colliding these particles,
and that ultimately,
what is going to
emerge out of this
is a new science,
a new beginning,
a new dawn for humankind.
This God Particle,
as I mentioned,
is supposed to be the key to
explaining why matter has mass.
And with it, we will become,
effectively, godlike beings.
Here's another simulation of
the detector at the Large Hadron
Collider of these
protons colliding.
I found this other image here.
It's the dove spitting the
symbol for the God Particle.
Well, that's really
interesting because CERN
was founded by European
high energy physics types.
After World War II, they watched
as all the Nazi high energy
physics types went to
Russia or the United States.
The Europeans grew
concerned, because they
knew if the Nazi high energy
physics types were involved,
they're going to
weaponize whatever
it is that they discover.
They all came over here,
went to work for NASA,
went to work in US labs.
And for all we know, they may
have already discovered this
and are, in fact, already
weaponizing this knowledge.
So the Europeans said, we want
to get together and create
a particle accelerator
that will be used only
for peaceful purposes.
Hence, the symbol of the dove,
which is the symbol for peace.
But in Christianity, the dove is
the symbol for the Holy Spirit.
It's the symbol for Christ,
as a matter of fact.
And so here we have the
symbol of the Holy Spirit
spitting the God
Particle, or dare
we just go ahead and
call it what it really
is, the Christ Particle.
That's what we're really
talking about here.
So here's the stylized
logo of the God
Particle, the collision
of the protons
that will ultimately
reveal the God Particle.
This is a particle physics news
and resources newsletter where
they use this stylized logo.
And just food for thought
here, what I noticed
is that in this 16th century
image of the Transfiguration
from Crete, we see Jesus
in his light body form
with the gateway behind them,
and he's got these three
curious arrows pointing inward.
There's our three rays that
we talked about earlier once
again.
So what I decided to do is just
to take the God Particle logo,
superimpose it on top of
the Transfigured Jesus,
and what do you know?
It's just a perfect match.
That's just getting lucky.
It doesn't necessarily mean
that that's exactly what they're
talking about.
But hey, there's
more to come here.
We're just getting started.
We're just kind of starting
to piece little pieces here
together of this
puzzle that science
is presenting to us and the
symbolism that they chose.
In his book The God
Particle, Nobel laureate
and Fermilab director
Leon Lederman
writes, why the God Particle?
And he says two reasons.
One, the publishers wouldn't
let us call it the Goddamn
Particle, though that might be
a more appropriate title, given
its villainous nature
and the expense
it's causing, the frustration.
Lederman goes on to say that
there's a second reason why
we call it the God Particle.
And it refers to a much
older book, he said,
after which point
he connects the God
Particle, the search
for the God Particle,
to the story of
the Tower of Babel.
And what Lederman
essentially says
is that our search for this
and the discovery of the God
Particle would make the
universe more simple,
in essence undoing
the Tower of Babel.
Now, if scientists don't
want us to think like mystics
and put a metaphysical
spin on their work,
they just need to stop
doing stuff like this.
Because unless they want
us to think like this,
just stop this, OK?
Keep the two separate.
Now, Lederman says
that his publisher
put the title, The
God Particle, on it.
They put sexy titles
on these books,
and sometimes they
really don't mean it.
And here, he wrote
it himself, saying
that we want to think in
terms of the Tower of Babel
here when we're talking
about the God Particle.
So we'll just go with
him and say, all right.
Let's just ask the question.
Is the search for
the God Particle,
is the particle accelerator
at CERN as well as
the one at Fermilab
a reenactment
of the Babel incident when
humankind gathered together
to build a ladder or gate
that reached into the heavens?
Is that what we're
really doing here?
I think that's exactly
what we're doing here.
"Come, let us build ourselves
a city with a tower that
reaches to the heavens
so that we may make
a name for ourselves
and not be scattered
over the face of the earth."
That's what the book of Genesis
says about the Tower of Babel.
And ultimately, it also
said that if humankind
were successful in building
this God Particle detector--
excuse me, the Tower of Babel.
Well, I guess they're
interchangeable now,
aren't they?
Nothing they do will
be impossible to them.
This is why I say we're going
from cosmic kindergarten
to first grade,
cosmically speaking.
Because what we're doing
is the impossible here,
or what as here to before
been described as impossible.
By the way, one of the real
world spin-offs of the God
Particle is they've discovered
a technique whereby they can
zap fat cells with vibration.
And literally, they
believe that they're
going to be able to
create a technology,
you'll just be able
to stand in a room,
and your fat cells will just
simply be zapped away from you
and fall off.
That's a few years
away, but that's
one thing they say
for sure will drop out
of the research
they're doing at CERN.
Another is the Grid, which is
the new, souped up internet
that is 10,000 times faster
than the current internet.
The internet was
invented by the Air Force
as a communication
system that would be put
in place after a nuclear war.
The worldwide web
was invented at CERN
so that scientists
could share their data.
This Large Hadron
Collider at CERN
will spit out every
year the equivalent
of all of the data on Google.
Every year.
And so they needed a network
of computers, 100,000 computers
to be specific, that
will be designed
to help them unlock the
mysteries of the universe, one
thing.
And scientists believe
that this Grid, which
is described as a
worldwide revolution,
also has the capacity to
find a cure for cancer
and save lives following
a natural disaster.
It's hard for us to imagine an
internet 10,000 times faster
than what we've got presently
and the implications of that.
But just try to think back.
What was your life like in 1980
before there was the internet,
before you were online?
Very simple.
It was very different.
The Grid has already
been used, they
say, but is now more
powerful and has
been declared ready to deal
with the deluge of data that
will come from the
giant atom smasher
when it fires up next spring.
I thought it was
kind of humorous
that they've got on
this particular article
a photo of Steve Jobs down here
with his Apple behind them.
And I'm not
pinpointing Steve Jobs.
It's just the whole
computer industry is foaming
at the mouth right now about
how they can make you an iBod
and put you into that Grid.
That Grid will be damn near
artificially intelligent,
and you won't be able
to tell the difference
between that Grid and God by
the time they're done with it.
All our lives, everything
will be online and active.
You will be totally trackable.
You'll be chipped.
You'll be online.
They'll be able to enter your
consciousness at any time.
They'll be able to
tune your emotions,
good, bad, the ugly, at will,
whatever they want to do
And that is one of the
real-world implications
of this, perhaps the
scariest part of this.
At Yale, there was
an article yesterday
I saw on dailygalaxy.com
where researchers at Yale
have discovered how they can
derive enough electricity
to power these devices that
will be implanted in our skin
just by the electricity
coming off your cells.
So they finally figured
out, they believe,
how they can use the
body as the charging
system for these devices.
That was one of the big hangups.
Yeah, we can turn you into
an implant, a walking iBod,
but we need a power
source for it.
And they always
knew the body was
a tremendous source of
energy, and now they've
finally cracked that code, too.
So they're good to go, just
about, and ready to launch.
You're walking around
right now with a cellphone
that you go like this with,
or you put in the Bluetooth
in your ear, that's
going to start to recede.
You're going to be putting
your Bluetooth in your tooth
in a couple of years.
But that's intermediate.
Where they're aiming
for all of this
is human skin as
the next platform
for computer development.
They want to literally put a new
skin on you that is then wired
into this Grid, and off we go.
Having fun yet?
Here's today's internet
in this graphic
put out by the SyFy channel,
and here's the Grid.
I think it's kind of
humorous, because it
looks like a wormhole to me.
It really illustrates the idea
that what we've got right now
is just a tiny speck compared
to where all this is going.
CBS News, 60 Minutes went to
CERN just a couple of weeks
ago.
This is October 1, 2008.
The Grid went online
October 3, 2008.
So all this is really fresh.
This just happened in
the past few weeks.
Steve Kroft went to the Large
Hadron Collider for 60 Minutes,
because they have
a problem there.
They fired it up, then they
had to immediately shut down.
They had some kind of problem.
It had to shut down till spring.
So Steve Kroft went
there to investigate.
He say, hey.
What's up?
What's going on.
He had a conversation
with a physicist
named Bob Stanek, one of the
primary physicists at CERN.
And here's the
pertinent exchange
between Kroft and Stanek.
"Asked why scientists are
interested in recreating what
the universe was like a
nanosecond after the Big Bang,
Stanek tells Kroft,
'it's in humans' interest
to know everything, right?
And why wouldn't you want
to know that?'" Steve Kroft
responds, saying "Well,
you'd want to know it.
But, you know, spending
$8 billion to find out,
it must be important."
Stanek responds, "So, let
me ask you this question.
Because we've studied the
interactions of photons
and electrons in
elementary particles,
we can understand how to take
the light that bounces off me
and you into that camera,
and take that signal
and put it into mom
and pop's living room.
Now, imagine in 10 years, 20
years, will we be able to take,
instead of our
photons, me and you
and put them into mom
and pop's living room?
So you tell me,
is that worth it?"
That cracking sound was my
jaw hitting the floor, OK?
Steve Kroft, too.
"Transport people?"
Emphasis mine on the
incredulous response.
"You tell me.
Is that worth it?
Is that worth $8 billion?"
Stanek responds.
Asked if he thinks
that could happen,
Stanek replies,
well I don't know,
right now, I--
isn't it lunchtime?
I think I've said
too much already.
I better just buy
back everything
I said because I don't
want to sound like I'm
some crackpot physicist telling
you that within 10 to 20 years,
we're going to be
teleporting people.
Furthermore, what it tells me
is that the ultimate objective
at CERN is teleportation.
It's a stargate device.
That's exactly what that is.
And discovering the
God Particle, that's
just one little
step along the way--
a minor inconvenience,
a solvable problem
that will ultimately lead to
our ability to beam people up.
Hello?
Doesn't that slightly
change things in our world?
It's incredible, and
I was just blown away
to have one of the physicists
at CERN say outright,
this is what we're doing.
This is what it's
really all about.
Well, teleportation,
in my opinion,
really isn't a new idea.
It's been around a long time.
This is a Cathar painting
by Hieronymus Bosch
from 1600 AD that
encapsulates the mystery
teachings of the Cathars,
a group of heretics,
as they're called, who
lived in southern France.
They claimed they possessed the
true original gospel of Jesus
and Mary Magdalene,
and they received
that in a secret
symbol system that
was delivered to them by
Jesus or Mary Magdalene.
And what we see here is an
image of Saint Jerome praying
before a traditional
image of the crucifix.
We see the dead Jesus
strapped to the dead wood.
The Cathars totally
dismissed this.
They had no time whatsoever for
this kind of religious dogma
and thinking.
The Church, of
course, was heavily
invested into this concept.
And when the Cathars
came along, the Church
found they had a little
problem with these guys.
They had a civilization
in southern France
who had the true gospel of
Jesus and Mary Madeline.
And not only that, they had
members of their culture
that were perfecting themselves.
So what did the Church do?
Did they come down there and
say, hey, can you teach a thing
or two about what
you've got going?
No.
The Church sent 30,000 storm
troopers into the Languedoc
and exterminated, in the
first European genocide,
as many as one million men,
women, and children Cathars.
They would pack 10,000
people into a room
about the size of the
lobby of this hotel
and light the cathedral on
fire, burning them all to death
in masse.
This is the first Holocaust.
The first Holocaust.
The Church has yet
to respond to that.
They have yet to
apologize for that.
They barely acknowledge that
they were responsible for that.
>>Tomorrow's the
anniversary of that.
>>Tomorrow, we're told, is
the anniversary of that,
which will be October--
>>It's called the
Crusade to Albigensian.
Albigensian Crusade.
Exactly.
We could get out a
whole rant about this.
But what we want
to do is say, well,
what was the Church
so afraid of?
They're selling everybody
on this bullshit concept
and exterminating people like
the Nazis exterminated the Jews
during World War II to withhold
a certain body of knowledge.
What is that knowledge about?
What didn't they
want you to know?
Hieronymus Bosch
bravely painted for you
the Cathar conception
of the crucifixion
and transfiguration.
This is a saved
Cathar soul ascending
into the heavens through
what the Cathars referred
to as the Christ Column,
the column of glory.
And so here we see the
soul going through,
in its light body
form, up this cylinder
filled with stars into
a higher heavenly realm.
This is the Cathar
version of the tale, which
they said they learned directly
from Jesus and Mary Magdalene.
600 years later or
so, Gene Roddenberry
cooks up the idea
of teleportation
and introduces this idea.
Was he channeling
Hieronymus Bosch?
I wonder.
What we're told in
Star Trek history
is that Gene Roddenberry, when
he was producing the first Star
Trek episodes, didn't
have very much money,
and he needed some way for
his members of the Enterprise
to get off the ship
down to the planet.
And they didn't
have money to build
models of little tiny
spaceships to send them down.
So they came up with the idea
of teleportation and beaming.
But I think this
idea has been around
in human consciousness
for a long time.
The Cathars are certainly
saying that they
knew how to do this back
in the 13th century.
And the Church exterminated as
many as one million men, women,
and children to
withhold this knowledge
because the Church has no
clue about what this is about.
And as I mentioned
earlier, today we
have a Pope, Benedict, who
looked at the Nazi Pope,
Pacelli, Pope Pius, who
stood by and watched
as the Nazis marched the Jews
into the ovens of Auschwitz
and elsewhere and
did nothing about it.
There's a rabbi named
Yonassan Gershom who
wrote a book called
Beyond the Ashes
that's very important
to acknowledge here.
He was doing past
life regression
work on Holocaust survivors.
And what he learned
from his regression
work is that over
and over again,
these Holocaust survivors had
past life recall as Cathars
in southern France.
And he came up with this
concept of the tikkun olam,
a mass of souls who
incarnate together.
And when evil emerges
on the planet,
this soul group
throws themselves
at that evil in order for
the rest of the culture
or civilization to
get its act together
in order to combat that evil.
And he believes that the
Cathars of southern France,
who were exterminated
by the Pope,
by the Catholic Church during
the first European genocide,
were the same soul group that
reincarnated in Nazi Germany,
and with the
collusion of the Pope,
were marched to the gas
chambers of Germany and Austria.
And they did so, he
says, so that they
could alert the rest
of the civilization
and get everybody
awakened to the presence
of this evil on our planet.
It's an Interesting concept.
Here's Hieronymus
Bosch's painting also
from 1600 of the ascension.
And what he shows for
us here is a Cathar
soul, a perfected soul, rising
into the heavenly realms.
And so the soul ascends
upward, and as it
goes higher and
higher, it ultimately
is in its light body form.
And it enters these
concentric rings
and enters into
this realm of light.